gsoc/2015.md, before:

---
layout: container
title: GSoC 2015 project ideas
permalink: /gsoc/2015/
rel_path: gsoc
extra_css: 
 - https://code.jquery.com/ui/1.10.4/themes/smoothness/jquery-ui.css
extra_js:
 - https:///ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jqueryui/1.10.4/jquery-ui.min.js
rel_js:
 - min/rotate3Di.js
 - min/jquery-css-transform.js
 - js/gsoc.js
 - js/scrolling.js
 - min/jquery.lazyload.min.js
rel_css:
 - css/gsoc.css
 - css/2015.css
gsocYear: 2015
mentors: 
 - name: Gustavo Salazar
   img: salazar.jpg
   url: http://www.cbio.uct.ac.za/people/11-gustavo-salazar.html
   projects: Component maintainer
   contact: gustavoadolfo.salazar (at) gmail.com
   desc: |
       Gustavo Salazar is a PhD student at the [CBIO](http://www.cbio.uct.ac.za/) group in the University of Cape Town with experience in Web development for over 10 years. 
 - name: Guy Yachdav
   img: yachdav.jpg
   url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/gyachdav
   projects: BioJS Dashboard
   contact: gyachdav (at) bio-sof.com
   desc: |
      Guy Yachdav is a Co-Founder and a Co-CEO at [Biosof LLC](http://www.bio-sof.com/).
 - name: Juan Miquel Cejuela
   img: cejuela.jpg
   url: http://www.linkedin.com/pub/juan-miguel-cejuela/31/25b/597
   projects: Sequencing workbench
   contact: juanmi (at) jmcejuela.com
   desc: |
      Juan Miquel Cejuela is a PhD student at RostLab, text mining expert and functional programming languages enthusiast. He is also the creator of [tagtog.net](http://tagtogn.net)
 - name: Leyla Garcia
   img: garcia.jpg
   url: https://de.linkedin.com/pub/leyla-jael-garcia-castro/17/84A/853
   projects: RDF schema and path finder
   contact: ljgarcia (at) ebi.ac.uk
   desc: |
     Leyla has a master degree in Computer Science and has acquired some basic knowledge in Bioinformatics due to her job as a Web & Data Integration Developer in the UniProt group at EMBL-EBI.
     Her research interests include biological data visualization, and data integration. She has also participated in projects related to Link Open Data, and worked previously as a Computer Science lecturer. 
 - name: Manuel Corpas
   img: corpas.png
   url: http://manuelcorpas.com/
   projects: Sequencing workflow
   contact: mc (at) manuelcorpas.com
   desc: |
     tba
 - name: Miguel Pignatelli
   img: pignatelli.jpg
   url: https://uk.linkedin.com/pub/miguel-pignatelli/14/643/993
   projects: Gene browser 
   contact:  mp (at) ebi.ac.uk
   desc: |
     Miguel Pignatelli is a Software Developer at [Ensembl](http://www.ensembl.org) (EMBL-EBI)
 - name: Nathan Dunn
   img: dunn.jpg
   url: https://www.linkedin.com/pub/nathan-dunn/46/577/312
   projects: Gene browser
   contact: nathandunn (at) lbl.gov
   desc: |
     tba
 - name: Rafael Jimenez
   img: jimenez.png
   url: https://uk.linkedin.com/in/rafaelcjimenez
   projects: Sequencing workflow
   contact: rafael.jimenez (at) elixir-europe.org
   desc: |
     Rafael Jimenez is a Biologist and a Computer Scientist specialised in Bioinformatics services.
     Technical Coordinator of ELIXIR, a European life-sciences Infrastructure for biological Information.
     Experienced in projects related to data integration, visualisation, best practices and reusability. 
 - name: Simon Jupp
   img: jupp.jpg
   url: https://www.ebi.ac.uk/~jupp/
   projects: RDF schema and path finder
   contact: jupp (at) ebi.ac.uk
   desc: |
     Simon has degrees in both Biochemistry and Computer Science and now work somewhere between both disciplines.
     His research interests are generally related to information management, but more specifically, using computers to improve the way we capture, manage and share knowledge about biology.
     Most of his work is now focused on the use of ontologies to capture knowledge in some computationally useful form.
 - name: Tatyana Goldberg
   img: goldberg.jpg
   url: https://rostlab.org/~goldberg/
   projects: BioJS dashboard
   contact: goldberg (at) rostlab.org
   desc: |
     Tatyana Goldberg is a PhD student in Bioinformatics in the [RostLab](https://rostlab.org)
     at [Technical University Munich](https://www.tum.de/)  
 - name: Tim Ruffles
   img: https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/249800?v=3&s=260
   url: https://twitter.com/timruffles
   projects: IPython
   contact: oi (at) truffles.me.uk
   desc: |
     Founder of [SidekickJS](https://www.sidekickjs.com/). JavaScript trainer and instructor for Angular, D3, Node and Backbone.
     Maintainer of the beautiful [JavaScript Garden](https://bonsaiden.github.io/JavaScript-Garden/)
---

{% assign gpath = site.baseurl | append: page.rel_path | append: "/" %}

<div markdown="1" class="col-md-9">

{% include_relative 2015/banner.html %}

## The BioJS team

__The BioJS development team is happy to participate in Google Summer of Code 2015.__ We are an international team developing beautiful, interactive and easy-to-share JavaScript applications for visualization of biological data. This website gives an overview of project ideas we are offering to students who wish to spend their summer working with us. We are looking for excellent students for collaboration on the following projects.

## GSoC 2014

Last year we participated for the first time in the GSoC.
You can enjoy this visual presentation from our students about their projects.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/SkMKuj-Q0YI" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen style="margin: 0 auto; display: block"></iframe>  

{% include_relative 2015/admins.html %}

{% include_relative includes/how_to_apply.md %}

{% include_relative includes/mentors.md mentors=page.mentors %}

## Project ideas

{% include_relative includes/ideas.md gsocYear=page.gsocYear pages=site.pages %}

{% include_relative includes/attributions.md %}

</div>
<div class="col-md-3" markdown="1" id="apply-right-sidebar">

#### Overview

* [The BioJS team](#the-biojs-team)
* [How to apply?](#students-how-to-apply)
* [Meet the mentors](#meet-the-mentors)
* [Project ideas](#project-ideas){% for p in site.pages %}{% if p.gsoc == page.gsocYear %}
  - [{{ p.title }}](#{{ p.title | slugify }}){% endif %}{% endfor %}
  - [Your idea](#your-idea)

#### Important dates

* 16.03 Student application period opens
* 27.03 Student application deadline
* 27.04 Official announcements of accepted projects
* 25.05 Coding period starts
* 03.07 Mid term evaluation deadline
* 31.08 Final results are announced

#### Involved institutes & projects

* [EMBL-EBI](https://www.ebi.ac.uk/Tools/biojs/registry/)
* [ApiNATOMY](http://apinatomy.org/)
* [Galaxy](http://galaxyproject.org/)
* [IPython](http://ipython.org/)
* [JBrowse](http://jbrowse.org/)
* [Lewis Lab at Berkeley Lab](http://www.lbl.gov/lsd/People_&_Organization/Scientific_Staff_Directory/Lewis_Lab.html)
* [RostLab at TUM](https://www.rostlab.org)
* [The Genome Analysis Centre](http://www.tgac.ac.uk/bioinformatics/)
* [Uniprot](http://www.uniprot.org/)
* [University of Cape Town](http://www.cbio.uct.ac.za/)


<!-- load the images lazily -->
<script type="text/javascript">
// load all images after 300 milliseconds to enable fast page loading time and html rendering
// note: lazy loading per se is a bit ugly with the scrollbar
document.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded", function() {
	$("img.lazy").lazyload({
        event : "sporty"
	});
 	var timeout = setTimeout(function() {
        $("img.lazy").trigger("sporty")
    }, 300);
});
</script>

Commit message:

added michiel to the mentors

gsoc/2015.md, after:

---
layout: container
title: GSoC 2015 project ideas
permalink: /gsoc/2015/
rel_path: gsoc
extra_css: 
 - https://code.jquery.com/ui/1.10.4/themes/smoothness/jquery-ui.css
extra_js:
 - https:///ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jqueryui/1.10.4/jquery-ui.min.js
rel_js:
 - min/rotate3Di.js
 - min/jquery-css-transform.js
 - js/gsoc.js
 - js/scrolling.js
 - min/jquery.lazyload.min.js
rel_css:
 - css/gsoc.css
 - css/2015.css
gsocYear: 2015
mentors: 
 - name: Gustavo Salazar
   img: salazar.jpg
   url: http://www.cbio.uct.ac.za/people/11-gustavo-salazar.html
   projects: Component maintainer
   contact: gustavoadolfo.salazar (at) gmail.com
   desc: |
       Gustavo Salazar is a PhD student at the [CBIO](http://www.cbio.uct.ac.za/) group in the University of Cape Town with experience in Web development for over 10 years. 
 - name: Guy Yachdav
   img: yachdav.jpg
   url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/gyachdav
   projects: BioJS Dashboard
   contact: gyachdav (at) bio-sof.com
   desc: |
      Guy Yachdav is a Co-Founder and a Co-CEO at [Biosof LLC](http://www.bio-sof.com/).
 - name: Juan Miquel Cejuela
   img: cejuela.jpg
   url: http://www.linkedin.com/pub/juan-miguel-cejuela/31/25b/597
   projects: Sequencing workbench
   contact: juanmi (at) jmcejuela.com
   desc: |
      Juan Miquel Cejuela is a PhD student at RostLab, text mining expert and functional programming languages enthusiast. He is also the creator of [tagtog.net](http://tagtogn.net)
 - name: Leyla Garcia
   img: garcia.jpg
   url: https://de.linkedin.com/pub/leyla-jael-garcia-castro/17/84A/853
   projects: RDF schema and path finder
   contact: ljgarcia (at) ebi.ac.uk
   desc: |
     Leyla has a master degree in Computer Science and has acquired some basic knowledge in Bioinformatics due to her job as a Web & Data Integration Developer in the UniProt group at EMBL-EBI.
     Her research interests include biological data visualization, and data integration. She has also participated in projects related to Link Open Data, and worked previously as a Computer Science lecturer. 
 - name: Manuel Corpas
   img: corpas.png
   url: http://manuelcorpas.com/
   projects: Sequencing workflow
   contact: mc (at) manuelcorpas.com
   desc: |
     tba
 - name: Michiel Helvensteijn
   img: http://www.gravatar.com/avatar/e54d4c5b4a3049a5e1ccf57ac786e318.png
   url: http://www.mhelvens.net
   projects: "&lt;the ApiNATOMY projects&gt;"
   contact: mhelvens+gsoc2015 (at) gmail.com
   desc: |
     Lead architect for ApiNATOMY and creator of delta.js. Michiel has a
     PhD in Computer Science, and now works on ApiNATOMY as part of his
     postdoctoral research. He has a background in formal methods and
     software engineering, and is currently engrossed in the ever-expanding
     world of JavaScript.
 - name: Miguel Pignatelli
   img: pignatelli.jpg
   url: https://uk.linkedin.com/pub/miguel-pignatelli/14/643/993
   projects: Gene browser 
   contact:  mp (at) ebi.ac.uk
   desc: |
     Miguel Pignatelli is a Software Developer at [Ensembl](http://www.ensembl.org) (EMBL-EBI)
 - name: Nathan Dunn
   img: dunn.jpg
   url: https://www.linkedin.com/pub/nathan-dunn/46/577/312
   projects: Gene browser
   contact: nathandunn (at) lbl.gov
   desc: |
     tba
 - name: Rafael Jimenez
   img: jimenez.png
   url: https://uk.linkedin.com/in/rafaelcjimenez
   projects: Sequencing workflow
   contact: rafael.jimenez (at) elixir-europe.org
   desc: |
     Rafael Jimenez is a Biologist and a Computer Scientist specialised in Bioinformatics services.
     Technical Coordinator of ELIXIR, a European life-sciences Infrastructure for biological Information.
     Experienced in projects related to data integration, visualisation, best practices and reusability. 
 - name: Simon Jupp
   img: jupp.jpg
   url: https://www.ebi.ac.uk/~jupp/
   projects: RDF schema and path finder
   contact: jupp (at) ebi.ac.uk
   desc: |
     Simon has degrees in both Biochemistry and Computer Science and now work somewhere between both disciplines.
     His research interests are generally related to information management, but more specifically, using computers to improve the way we capture, manage and share knowledge about biology.
     Most of his work is now focused on the use of ontologies to capture knowledge in some computationally useful form.
 - name: Tatyana Goldberg
   img: goldberg.jpg
   url: https://rostlab.org/~goldberg/
   projects: BioJS dashboard
   contact: goldberg (at) rostlab.org
   desc: |
     Tatyana Goldberg is a PhD student in Bioinformatics in the [RostLab](https://rostlab.org)
     at [Technical University Munich](https://www.tum.de/)  
 - name: Tim Ruffles
   img: https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/249800?v=3&s=260
   url: https://twitter.com/timruffles
   projects: IPython
   contact: oi (at) truffles.me.uk
   desc: |
     Founder of [SidekickJS](https://www.sidekickjs.com/). JavaScript trainer and instructor for Angular, D3, Node and Backbone.
     Maintainer of the beautiful [JavaScript Garden](https://bonsaiden.github.io/JavaScript-Garden/)
---

{% assign gpath = site.baseurl | append: page.rel_path | append: "/" %}

<div markdown="1" class="col-md-9">

{% include_relative 2015/banner.html %}

## The BioJS team

__The BioJS development team is happy to participate in Google Summer of Code 2015.__ We are an international team developing beautiful, interactive and easy-to-share JavaScript applications for visualization of biological data. This website gives an overview of project ideas we are offering to students who wish to spend their summer working with us. We are looking for excellent students for collaboration on the following projects.

## GSoC 2014

Last year we participated for the first time in the GSoC.
You can enjoy this visual presentation from our students about their projects.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/SkMKuj-Q0YI" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen style="margin: 0 auto; display: block"></iframe>  

{% include_relative 2015/admins.html %}

{% include_relative includes/how_to_apply.md %}

{% include_relative includes/mentors.md mentors=page.mentors %}

## Project ideas

{% include_relative includes/ideas.md gsocYear=page.gsocYear pages=site.pages %}

{% include_relative includes/attributions.md %}

</div>
<div class="col-md-3" markdown="1" id="apply-right-sidebar">

#### Overview

* [The BioJS team](#the-biojs-team)
* [How to apply?](#students-how-to-apply)
* [Meet the mentors](#meet-the-mentors)
* [Project ideas](#project-ideas){% for p in site.pages %}{% if p.gsoc == page.gsocYear %}
  - [{{ p.title }}](#{{ p.title | slugify }}){% endif %}{% endfor %}
  - [Your idea](#your-idea)

#### Important dates

* 16.03 Student application period opens
* 27.03 Student application deadline
* 27.04 Official announcements of accepted projects
* 25.05 Coding period starts
* 03.07 Mid term evaluation deadline
* 31.08 Final results are announced

#### Involved institutes & projects

* [EMBL-EBI](https://www.ebi.ac.uk/Tools/biojs/registry/)
* [ApiNATOMY](http://apinatomy.org/)
* [Galaxy](http://galaxyproject.org/)
* [IPython](http://ipython.org/)
* [JBrowse](http://jbrowse.org/)
* [Lewis Lab at Berkeley Lab](http://www.lbl.gov/lsd/People_&_Organization/Scientific_Staff_Directory/Lewis_Lab.html)
* [RostLab at TUM](https://www.rostlab.org)
* [The Genome Analysis Centre](http://www.tgac.ac.uk/bioinformatics/)
* [Uniprot](http://www.uniprot.org/)
* [University of Cape Town](http://www.cbio.uct.ac.za/)


<!-- load the images lazily -->
<script type="text/javascript">
// load all images after 300 milliseconds to enable fast page loading time and html rendering
// note: lazy loading per se is a bit ugly with the scrollbar
document.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded", function() {
	$("img.lazy").lazyload({
        event : "sporty"
	});
 	var timeout = setTimeout(function() {
        $("img.lazy").trigger("sporty")
    }, 300);
});
</script>
